---
title: About me
---

I am a biologist with training in diverse fields such as microbiology, molecular biology, immunology, genomics and ecology and evolutionary biology. I received my PhD in Cell and Molecular Biology from The University of Rhode Island. My research experience has focused on a variety of topics such as computational biology, phylogenetics, innate immune mechanisms, comparative genomics, population genetics and epigenetics. With a rise in interdisciplinary research and their boundaries becoming even more fuzzier, I feel fortunate to have had the opportunity to work in a wide array of fields that make my research profile rich and unique.

If you can’t already tell, I am passionate about science and science communication. The idea of doing biological research through vast amounts of omics data is tremendously exciting to me. I am a certified [Data carpentry](https://datacarpentry.org/) instructor and use the platform to conduct workshops geared towards data organization and fundamentals of biological data analysis. I also feel the need for science to break out of jargon and journals to reach a broader audience allowing more people to realize the importance of science. I am a contributing author for [Oceanbites](https://oceanbites.org/) that aims to make science accessible to everyone one bite at a time.

Besides science I love running, especially outdoors when I can. It is a great way to clear your mind with a bonus of exercise. Try it if you haven’t already! My second love is traveling. I absolutely love visiting new places especially amidst nature. I have visited 17 national parks in the US, 2 in Australia and 1 in India! Besides the top two, I love trying out new recipes. Same meal in a row is so boring! After I defended my PhD I actually went 2 months without repeating a single meal! Not take out but home cooked meals!! I was just so excited to finally get some extra time that I traveled and cooked to my hearts content! I also paint when I find the rare moment.
